RandomVSRandom Report

1) What is your conclusion, does the first or
second player have some advantage, at least for a random strategy? 

P2 has a slight advantage over P1 since P2 takes their turn after P1. At the beginning of the game, P1 goes first, and only has 4 possible moves. 
Since P2 goes second, they have more moves than P1, since there are now more tokens of the opposite player for them to flip.
Thus, P2 has a bigger advantage over P1.

2) Watch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Iq9DzN6mvYA

3) Briefly write your thoughts on the above video below:

I found the video useful as it helped me refresh my memory on the definitions of null and alternate hypothesis.
It was also interesting to see how code can be used to solve statistics problems, and is actually sometimes the easier and faster way to do so. 
Lastly, it was just interesting to hear the speaker talk about the 4 Recipes for Hacking statistics and their applications in the field of statistics. 

4) H0 is the null hypothesis of the experiment, which is the default outcome of the experiment, in which there is no association between both variables.
For this experiment, the H0 is: "The probability of P1 winning is equal to the probability of P2 winning."
Ie: P(P1 winning) = 0.5 = P(P2 winning) 


5) Ha is the alternate hypothesis which is the opposite to the Null Hypothesis. 
For this experiment, HA is: "P1 and P2 have different probabilities of winning. 
Ie: P(P1 winning) =/= P(P2 winning).


6) Choose one of the following and delete the other:
   My experimental results do not support H0, so they support Ha

7) As in the video, use either math or code (add a Java Class) to argue for or against H0

In the OthelloControllerRandomVSRandom, we determined which player had the advantage by doing a simulation just like in the video.
We created a loop which ran the game over 10,000 times and determined the probability of each player winning. 
The probability of P1 winning was 0.4566, and the probability of P2 winning was 0.4903. 
Therefore, since the probability of P2 is not equal to the probability of P1, our results do not support H0, but rather Ha.


References: 
https://www.thoughtco.com/null-hypothesis-vs-alternative-hypothesis-3126413